Update and rewrite `osu!stream song list` (#5651)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/osu!stream/Song_List/en.md

# osu!stream song list

*For information on the base game, see: [osu!stream](/wiki/osu!stream)*

> osu!stream features up to 45 playable songs spread across various bundles and song packs. As of [the 2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release), all songs are available to be downloaded and played free of charge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
osu!stream features up to 45 playable songs spread across various bundles and song packs. As of [the 2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release), all songs are available for download and play for free.
```

> At the Store menu, you can scroll through the list of all available song packs and preview the beatmaps inside before downloading. Upon selecting the `PREVIEW` button, you'll be able to see a short preview demo of all the four difficulties in a beatmap from the easiest difficulty to the highest [in their corresponding stream order](wiki/osu!stream#new-game-play-system).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the Store menu, you can scroll through the list of all available song packs and preview the beatmaps inside before downloading. Upon selecting the `PREVIEW` button, you'll be able to see a short demo of all the four difficulties in a beatmap from the easiest difficulty to the highest [in their corresponding stream order](wiki/osu!stream#new-game-play-system).
```

> At the Store menu, you can scroll through the list of all available song packs and preview the beatmaps inside before downloading. Upon selecting the `PREVIEW` button, you'll be able to see a short gameplay demo of all the four difficulties in a beatmap from the easiest difficulty to the highest [in their corresponding stream order](wiki/osu!stream#new-game-play-system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the Store menu, you can scroll through the list of all available song packs and preview the beatmaps inside before downloading. Upon selecting the `PREVIEW` button, you'll be able to see a short gameplay demo of all four difficulties in a beatmap from the lowest difficulty to the highest [in their corresponding stream order](wiki/osu!stream#new-game-play-system).
```

> Just like the [featured artists](wiki/en/Featured_Artists) that osu! have nowadays, all songs available in the game are either commissioned or licensed ahead of their release. It is worth noting that osu!stream beatmaps come in the `.osf2` file format (instead of [`.osz`](/wiki/osu%21_File_Formats/Osz_%28file_format%29)) and are therefore not compatible with the regular osu! cilent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Just like the [featured artists](wiki/en/Featured_Artists) osu! has nowadays, all songs available in the game are either commissioned or licensed ahead of their release. It is worth noting that osu!stream beatmaps come in the `.osf2` file format (instead of [`.osz`](/wiki/osu%21_File_Formats/Osz_%28file_format%29)) and are therefore not compatible with the regular osu! client.
```

| SkyMarshall - Hitchhikers | ![][flag_MX] [Gens](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23062) | ![3/10](img/dif3.png "3/10") |

See also:

- [**nekodex's Featured Artist listing**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/1)
- [**tieff's Featured Artist listing**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/34)
- [nekodex's osu! profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102)
- [tieff's osu! profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/89619)
- [Natteke's osu! profile](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/157177)
- [SkyMarshall's website](https://hafskjold.net/skymarshallarts/)

## Free Pack 1

Price: **Free**

This song pack features two songs of different variety by haru☆ and Garbled Waves respectively.

| Song | Mapper | Difficulty Rating |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| haru☆ - March Handyman | ![][flag_FR] [Sushi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/43108) | ![4/10](img/dif4.png "4/10") |
| Garbled Waves - Apatisk | ![][flag_GB] [RandomJibberish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/157879) | ![6/10](img/dif6.png "6/10") |

See also:

- [haru☆'s website](https://haru.ocv.me/)
- [Garbled Waves' Bandcamp page](https://garbledwaves.bandcamp.com)

## Free Pack 1.5

Price: **Free**

> This song pack features the song Want You Gone by Jonathan Coulton (under the Aperture Science alias) as made famous by the video game [Portal 2](http://thinkwithportals.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This song pack features the song Want You Gone by Jonathan Coulton (under the Aperture Science alias) as made famous by the video game [Portal 2](https://www.thinkwithportals.com/).
```

| Cranky - Crocus | ![][flag_SE] [Xgor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/98661) | ![4/10](img/dif4.png "4/10") |
| Cranky - Into the Unknown | ![][flag_AU] [Samah](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/343490) | ![8/10](img/dif8.png "8/10") |
| Cranky - Dee Dee Cee | ![][flag_GB] [D33d](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/791387) | ![9/10](img/dif9.png "9/10") |

See also:

- [**Cranky's Featured Artist listing**](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/23)
- [Cranky's website](https://www.feline-groove.com/)

## OK Go Vol. 1

Price: **Free** / **USD$1.99** (pre-[2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release))

This song pack features four songs by American rock band OK Go.

| Song | Mapper | Difficulty Rating |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| OK Go - All Is Not Lost | ![][flag_CA] [mm201](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30655) | ![5/10](img/dif5.png "5/10") |
| OK Go - End Love | ![][flag_GB] [RandomJibberish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/157879) | ![3/10](img/dif3.png "3/10") |
| OK Go - This Too Shall Pass | ![][flag_AU] [m980](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3288) | ![7/10](img/dif7.png "7/10") |

> | OK Go - WTF | Team STREAM (![][flag_CA] [mm201](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30655) and ![][flag_AU] [Lilac](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58197) | ![6/10](img/dif6.png "6/10") |

Reviewer 2: you forgot to apply this one.

```suggestion
| OK Go - WTF | Team STREAM (![][flag_CA] [mm201](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30655) and ![][flag_AU] [Lilac](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58197)) | ![6/10](img/dif6.png "6/10") |
```

Author: true

Author: ((applied now btw))

> | OK Go - End Love | !![][flag_GB] [RandomJibberish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/157879) | ![3/10](img/dif3.png "3/10") |
> | OK Go - This Too Shall Pass | !![][flag_AU] [m980](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3288) | ![7/10](img/dif7.png "7/10") |
> | OK Go - WTF | Team STREAM (![][flag_CA] [mm201](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30655) and ![][flag_AU] [Lilac](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58197) | ![6/10](img/dif6.png "6/10") |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| OK Go - End Love | ![][flag_GB] [RandomJibberish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/157879) | ![3/10](img/dif3.png "3/10") |
| OK Go - This Too Shall Pass | ![][flag_AU] [m980](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3288) | ![7/10](img/dif7.png "7/10") |
| OK Go - WTF | Team STREAM (![][flag_CA] [mm201](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/30655) and ![][flag_AU] [Lilac](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58197)) | ![6/10](img/dif6.png "6/10") |
```

- [Souleye's website](http://magnuspalsson.com/)

## SHIKI Pack Vol. 1

Price: **Free** / **USD$1.99** (pre-[2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release))

This song pack features four songs by renowned BMS music producer SHIKI.

| Song | Mapper | Difficulty Rating |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| SHIKI - Lapis | Team STREAM (![][flag_GB] [RandomJibberish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/157879) and ![][flag_FR] [Kurai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/98661)) | ![5/10](img/dif5.png "5/10") |
| SHIKI - Pure Ruby | ![][flag_US] [Lybydose](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/64501) | ![9/10](img/dif9.png "9/10") |
| SHIKI - BABYLON | ![][flag_SE] [Xgor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/98661) | ![8/10](img/dif8.png "8/10") |
| SHIKI - Jade Star | ![][flag_KR] [Nakagawa-Kanon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/87065) | ![7/10](img/dif7.png "7/10") |

See also:

- [SHIKI's website](http://shiki2.sakura.ne.jp/)

## Unreleased Tracks Vol. 1

Price: **Free** / **USD$1.99** (pre-[v1.1 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/10624373514/osustream-v11-release))

This song pack features four songs/arrangements of original Touhou Project compositions by various musicians from across the world. 

> Initially, this song pack was included in the base game's launch with a price tag of USD$1.99. However, due to legal concerns over the distribution of assets related to Touhou Project in the App Store as a paid content, this song pack was later pulled in the [v1.1 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/10624373514/osustream-v11-release). This song pack has consequently been re-released as a free content in [the 2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release).

Reviewer 3: It was never published. The rules regarding touhou distribution on iOS changed halfway through the development process, after we finished mapping and licensing all the music. I contacted ZUN as goodwill and got a strict "don't use" so we had to refund / retract all contracts and find new music.

Reviewer 3: I guess it was released very briefly, according to the linked article! Has been a long time..

Author: yup! i don't have an iOS device myself but i also remember downloading the early (v1.0x) releases of the app back then and seeing the Touhou songs in the Store listing when i installed osu!stream and [made this score](http://osustream.com/p/ranking?v=score&sc=106189&d=1) on my friend's device ;~;

> Initially, this song pack was included in the base game's launch with a price tag of USD$1.99. However, due to legal concerns over the distribution of assets related to Touhou Project in the App Store as a paid content, this song pack was later pulled in the [v1.1 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/10624373514/osustream-v11-release). This song pack has consequently been re-released as a free content in [the 2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Initially, this song pack was included in the base game's launch with a price tag of USD$1.99. However, due to legal concerns over the distribution of assets related to Touhou Project in the App Store as paid content, this song pack was later pulled in the [v1.1 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/10624373514/osustream-v11-release). This song pack has consequently been re-released as free content in [the 2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release).
```

| Song | Mapper | Difficulty Rating |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Amane - Eternal Fullmoon | *unknown* | *unknown* |
| Amane - Snow, White, Echo | ![][flag_NZ] [Echo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/431) | *unknown* |
| sou1 - The Maid's Blood and the Pocket Watch | ![][flag_TW] [Alace](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/25993) | *unknown* |
| Lix - Phantom Ensemble -Ark Trance mix- | ![][flag_PH] [James](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5728) | *unknown* |

See also:

- [Amane/Rolling Contact's website](https://youzyo.net/)
- [sou1's YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDOnl9xBMM-SZtCKKu178NA)
- [Lix's website](https://levolution.info)

## Unreleased Tracks Vol. 2

Price: **Free** / **USD$1.99** (pre-[v1.1 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/10624373514/osustream-v11-release))

This song pack features four songs/arrangements of original Touhou Project compositions by various musicians from across the world. 

> Initially, this song pack was included in the base game's launch with a price tag of USD$1.99. However, due to legal concerns over the distribution of assets related to Touhou Project in the App Store as a paid content, this song pack was later pulled in the [v1.1 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/10624373514/osustream-v11-release). This song pack has consequently been re-released as a free content in [the 2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Initially, this song pack was included in the base game's launch with a price tag of USD$1.99. However, due to legal concerns over the distribution of assets related to Touhou Project in the App Store as paid content, this song pack was later pulled in the [v1.1 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/10624373514/osustream-v11-release). This song pack has consequently been re-released as free content in [the 2020 update](https://news.osustream.com/post/611013728007274496/osustream-2020-release).
```
